PRIVACY POLICY OF APRENDE BRAILLE APP ANDROID
It does not require any permission, no user or device information is collected or sent.
No personal data is collected.
No information is sent to the internet, or to its own or third party servers.

This privacy policy simply informs you that this app
does not collect personal or device information
and that no information is sent to the internet,
neither to own servers nor to third parties.
It does not require an internet connection, nor any permission.
The app simply tries to make it easy for you to learn braille
and have a Braille cheat sheet on hand in case you need it.

USER DATA
User data is not accessed, used, or shared.
It does not require any permission, no user or device information is collected or sent.

PERSONAL AND SENSITIVE INFORMATION
No personal information is collected.
Sensitive, personal or device data is not accessed, collected, used, or shared.
It does not require any permission, no user or device information is collected or sent.

CONSENT and NOTICES
As it does not require any permission, no user or device information is collected or sent.
Consent has not been requested, nor have disclosure notices been displayed, as they are not necessary.
On the main screen of the app, this privacy policy is displayed, informing the user that no personal or device data is collected or sent.

YOUR DATA
Your data will not be used or shared.
It does not require any permission, no user or device information is collected or sent.
Sensitive or personal data is not collected or accessed without your consent.

Access restrictions to sensitive data
No payment data, financial information, or identification numbers issued by the government of a country are managed.
No phone books are managed, nor contact information.

The privacy policy is public at the following link: https://raw.githubusercontent.com/mariouged/com.comoelagua.android.braille/master/privacy-policy
and the user can read it on the main screen
No personal, device, or sensitive data is collected or transmitted and it is not shared with any third party.
